Malaysian Jokes

Q: How does Fergie order Char Kuey Teow? A: Mai Hum, Mai Hum

Q: What is the strongest chicken in the world? A: Ayam Titanium

Q: What is Malaysians' favorite dish? A: Astro

Q: What is Malaysians' favorite city? A: Siti Nurhaliza

I wrote a joke on Malaysian flight MH370...but don't know where it went.

A Malaysian man buys a new phone. He puts it on airplane mode. Now he cant seem to find it anywhere.

What do R. Kelly and Malaysian Airlines have in common? They believe they can fly.

What do playing ball and Malaysian Airlines have in common? They are either a hit or a miss.

“I’m sick of eating airline food all the time,” said a Malaysian shark.

What is empty and spins round and round? Malaysian airlines baggage claim.

When I flew the Malaysian airlines last time, I decided not to shower first. Why? I figured I’ll get washed up on the shore.

One day one ocean was talking to another. “Check out this awesome plane I got! Malaysian airlines flights are a rare brand”. The second one replied, “Nah, man, I got one too!”

My dad’s computer crashed, and I asked him what he did. He replied, “I googled Malaysian airlines flights!”

Did you have fun in the zoo? No! The marsupials hurt my wife. What, how? She got kicked in the butt by a kangaroo while annoying them.

A Malaysian man buys a new phone. He puts it on airplane mode. Now he can’t seem to find it.

At the commonwealth games, some Malaysian athletes started looking very nervous once the fun ended. When asked what was wrong, they said, “We’ll have to board a Malaysian flight home!”

What is the heaviest mee? Wan tan mee.

A student learning to drive arrives at a busy intersection, he wasn't sure of the direction so he asked "Turn left?" the instructor said, "Right.". Then they died.

What do you call a happy burger? Burgembira.

A travelling foreigner came to Malaysia and stay at a hotel,The Bellboy at the hotel is actually a girl carried his luggage for him to his room,since the girl thought that foreigners give reasonably good tips, so she asked "duit duit" The foreigner misheard her and thought she was saying "do it, do it, While the foreigner was raping her, the girl scream "tolong, tolong", the foreigner thought she was saying "too long, too long"

What is Malaysia's favourite brand of coffee? "Kopikirla sendiri"

You know what they call a mixed child between an Iban and a Cina? A CIBAN

Banyak-banyak haiwan, haiwan mana yang suka simpan duit? Kuda because when they run they go 'kedekut kedekut kedekut'.

Banyak banyak haiwan, haiwan man yang kaya? Beruang! Sebab ber-wang! 

49