Pop Culture Jokes

Q: What show do cows love to watch while they're eating?  A: Graze Anatomy.

The Little Rascal's class were having a spelling test.  The teacher asks if anyone can use the word "admire" in a sentence.  Spanky raises his hand and says, "I admire my dog."  "Good job," the teacher replies, "Now, who can use 'respect' in a sentence?"  Alfalfa raises his hand and says, "I respect Spanky for admiring his dog."  "Ok, " replies the teacher, "now who can use the word 'dictate' in a sentence?"  There is silence in the class, then all of a sudden Buckwheat says, "Darla how did my dictate !?!"

How do you find Ronald McDonald at a nude beach?    You look for the sesame seed buns!

Q: What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?A: Dr. Dre!

Q: What kind of wood doesn't float?  A: Natalie Wood.

What is the differece between Han Solo and Chewbacca? One's a hairy and inaudible man and the other one's Chewbacca.

Q: Why is Peter Pan always flying?  A: Because he neverlands.

Bill Clinton is no longer playing the saxophone. He is now playing the whore-Monica.

Q: What is the dirtiest line said on television?  A: "Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver last night."

How do you wake up Lady Gaga? Poke'r Face.

What's Harry Potter's way to get to the bottom of a hill? Running...JK! Rolling.

It's a little unfair that Mike Vick is looked down upon for dog fighting, and The Mario Bros. are celebrated from taking mushrooms and turtle bashing.

Q: What is the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa Claus?  A: Santa stops after three hos.

Q: What do you call security guards working outside Samsung shops?  A: Guardians of the Galaxy.

How much coke has Charlie Sheen snorted? Enough to kill two and a half men.

Yo mama's so stupid when she heard of Facebook she went to a book store and asked the book keeper were can I find face book

Why did the rapper carry an umbrella?    Fo' drizzle.

So a man dies, goes to Heaven, and sees St. Peter. There are many clocks surrounding him so the man asks, "What are these clocks for?" St. Peter replies, "These are lie clocks, they tick once for every lie you tell. Here we have Mother Teresa's clock. She has never lied so the clock has not moved. Honest Abe has only lied twice in his life, so it has only ticked twice." The man then asks, "So where is George Bush's clock?" St. Peter replies, "Oh, that is in Jesus' office, he is using it as a ceiling fan!"

I wonder what Edward Scissorhands thinks of touchscreen technology.

Knock, knock.  Who's there?  Joanna.  Joanna who?  Joanna build a snowman?

Chuck Norris pulled the pin in a grenade, threw it, killed 50 men, and then the grenade exploded.

Simba was moving too slowly, so I told him to Mufasa!

What's green and sings? Britney Spearagus.

Yo mama so ugly the Terminator said, "I won't be back."

Q: Why don't Batman and Robin go fishing? A: Because Robin eats all the worms.

Why did LaBron James skip college? Because he would never make it to the finals!

Tiger Woods plays 18 holes. Both on and off the golf course.

Yo mamma is so old she knew Burger King when he was a prince.

20 years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope, and Steve Jobs. Now we have no cash, no hope, and no jobs.

Fe = Iron. Male = Man. Fe + Male = Iron Man. I have been having sex with Iron Man.

Q: Why did Adele cross the road?  A: To sing, "Hello from the other side!"

Charles Dickens walks into a bar and asks for a martini. The bartender asks, "Olive or twist?"

Yo mama so nasty I told her to do the robot and now R2-D2 has crabs!

Q: Why do blonde girls walk in groups of odd numbers?  A: Because they can't even!

I surf the web a lot, and I guess I was using too much bandwidth, because the other day I got an automated phone call from my service provider. It was The Rolling Stones singing, "Hey, you. Get off of my cloud!"

I hear OJ Simpson is working on a stand up act in jail, apparently he kills everytime.

Does anyone remember the Swatch, a watch made in Switzerland? Thank god Croatia didn't come up with the idea first. Just imagine if someone were to ask you what time is it? "Oh pardon me while I look at my crotch."

After listening to some of Whitney Houston's last, raspy performances, it was pretty clear she didn't end her career on "high" note...or did she? Tox report still pending.

What kind of sushi does Lady Gaga eat? Raw, raw, raw, raw, rawwww!

Q: How do you turn a duck into a soul singer?  A: Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Withers.

Did you hear about Monica Lewinsky becoming a Republican? The Democrats left a bad taste in her mouth.

Q: What did Gandhi say to the British, after they asked him to move?  A: Nah, mastay.

When my girlfriend said she was leaving because of my obsession with The Monkees, I thought she was joking. And then I saw her face.

Q: Why did Mickey Mouse get shot?  A: Because Donald ducked!

Yo mama is so fat when Jabba's guard pushed her into the sarlacc pit, it choked to death.

Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson went on a camping trip. After a good meal and a bottle of wine, they laid down for the night, and went to sleep. Some hours later, Holmes awoke and nudged his faithful friend. "Watson, look up at the sky and tell me what you see." Watson replied, "I see millions and millions of stars." "What does that tell you?" Watson pondered for a minute. "Astronomically, it tells me that there are millions of galaxies, and potentially billions of planets. Astrologically, I observe that Saturn is in Leo. Horologically, I deduce that the time is approximately a quarter past three. Theologically, I can see that God is all powerful and that we are small and insignificant. Meteorologically, I suspect that we will have a beautiful day tomorrow. What does it tell you?" Holmes was silent for a minute, then spoke. "It tells me that someone has stolen our tent."

Chuck Norris once ate a whole cake before his friends could tell him there was a stripper in it.

Q: Why shouldn't you give Elsa a balloon?  A: Because she'll let it go!

I asked my three year old grandson Malachi what his name was, he replied, "Spiderman." I said, "Malachi, what is your real name?" He replied, "Peter Parker."

Yo mama so ugly she's the reason Sonic runs fast.

Yo momma's so fat, the Hogwarts Sorting Hat put her in all 4 houses!

Dear NASA, Your mom thought I was big enough. - Pluto

Q: How do you wake up Lady Gaga? A: Poker face

What magazine does the big bad wolf read.   Porks Illustrated

Q: Why did Miley and Liam break up?A: It just wasn't twerking.

Do not be racist; be like Mario. He's an Italian plumber, who was made by the Japanese, speaks English, looks like a Mexican, jumps like a black man, and grabs coins like a Jew!

Q: What does Mortal Kombat and a church in Helsinki have in common?  A: Finnish Hymn!

Yo mamas so ugly Wreck-it-Ralph said "No one can wreck that thing any worse"

I don't really like watching basketball, I just watch it to find out who the next member of the Kardashian family will be.

Q: What do the starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common?  A: They both probe Uranus and wipe out Klingons.

I had a broken vacuum, then I put a One Direction sticker on it and it suddenly sucked again.

Q: How does Albus get into Hogwarts? A: Through the Dumble-door.

Yo momma is so fat Miley Cyrus uses her as a wreaking ball.

Q: What do you call the space between Kim Kardashian's breasts and butt cheeks?  A: Silicon Valley.

Did you hear about Whitney Houston's funeral? The line leading to the coffin stretched into the street. A few people showed up too.

Yo mama so old, she knew 50 Cent when he was only a quarter.

Why did Papa Smurf send Smurfette to see a doctor???  She was always feeling blue...

"Well, I could be wrong, but I believe, uh, diversity is an old, old wooden ship that was used during the Civil War era." - Ron Burgundy, Anchorman

The NSA: a government organization that actually listens to you!

Why did LeBron cross the road? To put the hammer down!

Q: What computer sings the best?  A: A Dell.

Q: What does Miley Cyrus eat for Christmas dinner?  A: Roast twerky!

Q: What did the Black Eyed Peas do at Wiz Khalifa's costume party?  A: They dressed up in black and yellow, black and yellow, and said, "I'm a bee, I'm a bee, I'm a I'm a I'm a bee!"

Q: What's the difference between Tom Cruise and a tuxedo?  A: One comes out of the closet on special occasions and the other is a tuxedo.

Q: How do you find Will Smith in the snow?  A: Look for the fresh prints.

Yo momma so stupid she thought Bruno Mars was a planet.

Q: What is the difference between the American flag and American Idol?  A: The American flag actually has stars.

Q: How did the frog die?  A: He Kermit suicide.

What type of meat does Lady GaGa eat? Raw raw raw huh haa!

Q: What do you call an deep sea Transformer?  A: Octopus Prime!

Q: Why did Captain Kirk go in to the ladies room?  A: Because he wanted to go where no man had gone before.

Why did Mickey Mouse go to space? To visit Pluto.

Q: Do you know who was the first black guy to admit he is the father?  A: Darth Vader.

The energizer bunny was arrested on a charge of battery.

Why can't you give Elsa a balloon?  Because she might Let it Go... Let it Go...

The New Jersey 'Tanning Mom' has recently create a doll and called it the 'Tanorexia' doll. The doll was so ugly, it turned Ken gay.

Knocker: Knock knock  Person: who's there Knocker:Daisy Person:daisy who? Knocker: Daisy Me Rollin They Haitin

