Funny Jokes

We need a 12-step group for compulsive talkers. They could call it On Anon Anon.  Paula Poundstone

When I was a boy of 14, my father was so ignorant, I could hardly stand to have the old man around. But when I got to be 21, I...

Try an internship! Internships give you all the experience of a summer job without the hassle of a paycheck.  Stephen Colbert

If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in a library? Lily Tomlin

What are they planting to grow the seedless watermelon?  Jerry Seinfeld

The closest a person ever comes to perfection is when he fills out a job application form.  Businessman Stanley Randall

I bought one of those tapes to teach you Spanish in your sleep. During the night, the tape skipped. Now I can only stutter in Spanish.  Steven Wright

If people say they just love the smell of books, I always want to pull them aside and ask, To be clear, do you know how reading works? @bridger_w (Bridger...

A watched pot never boils, but it does get paranoid. Lesley Wake

If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?  Abraham Lincoln

When I trace a turkey, it comes out looking exactly like my hand.  @ConanOBrien

Every novel is a mystery novel if you never finish it.  @meganamram

I got my hair highlighted because I thought some strands were more important than others.  Comedian Mitch Hedberg

Nature abhors a vacuum, but not as much as a cat does.  anonymous

As soon as the hospital made me put on one of those little gowns, I knew the end was in sight.  Adam Joshua Smargon, Newark, Delaware

Electricity is really just organized lightning.  George Carlin

Research has found that because it makes you think positive thoughts, throwing salt over your shoulder can actually prevent bad luck. Or at least give you better luck than the...

Swimming is a confusing sport, because sometimes you do it for fun, and other times you do it to not die.  Comedian Demetri Martin

Funny, uplifting and silly quotes about this beautiful time of year.

The baby is great. My wife and I have just started potty training. Which I think is important because when we want to potty train the baby, we should set...

